[docs] Improve transition documentation (#19201)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/transitions/transitions.md

This example also demonstrates how to delay the enter transition.

{{"demo": "pages/components/transitions/SimpleZoom.js", "bg": true}}

## TransitionComponent prop

> A few of the Material-UI components accept a `TransitionComponent` prop to customize the transition. You can use any of the above components or a home-made one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few of the Material-UI components accept a `TransitionComponent` prop to customize the transition. You can use any of the above components or your own.
```
